`buildSOMe.com` `buildOOMe.com` `buildO.com` `buildN.com` `buildNOMe.com` `buildS.com` 
hand built structures of these motors and DFT optimization. might need to take coordinates in .fchk and optimize again in DFTD3/DZVP later.

`O.com` etc.
Storing optimized coordinates to facilitate later stages. Consist of the coordinates as present in `buildO.fchk`, and some random useless keywords.

`Om.com` etc.
structure of each motor's most important (likely most stable and usually not obtainable from my MNDO simulation final structures) metastable structure. Generated by replacing S atom in `56mc.com`

`Om.xyz` etc.
Gaussian optimized structure coords from `Om.fchk` etc.

`buildSOMe2.com` etc.
changing to cam-b3lyp/tzvp recommended for spectra calculation by Gaussian book..

`uvvisSOMe.com` etc.
single point TDDFT calculation at optimized structure to calculate uv-vis spectra to compare with experiment. 
The experimental spectra for Feringa motors have peaks lower than 300nm wavelenght, while the calculated spectra only has single peak around 360nm. Maybe it's because I only included the lowest excited state.
This single 360nm peak is not high-resolution in experiment so I probably don't need Franck-Condon analysis.

`b3optedSOMe.com`
editing and saving Z-matrix of `buildSOMe.fchk`

`Sopt.inp` `SOMeopt.inp` etc.
optimizing ground state stable form structures with OM2/MRCI.
Although the initial structure (DFT optimized structure) is pretty close to final structure, I got some failed optimizations saying trust radius lower than limit. I solved this by changing from `ief=2` to `ief=1`.
